Update get-started-create-service-instance.md (#124999)
Azure/azure-content: articles/api-management/get-started-create-service-instance.md

1. Select **Review + create**.

    > [!TIP]

>     > It can take 30 to 90 minutes to create and activate an API Management service in this tier. To quickly find a newly created service, select **Pin to dashboard**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > It can take 30 to 40 minutes or more to create and activate an API Management service in this tier. To quickly find a newly created service, select **Pin to dashboard**.
```
making @dlepow's edit
